welcome back to movion today i'm going
to explain the movie called journey to
the west conquering the demons from
2013.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy the video
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
village beside the river a little girl
was playing on the boat her father also
came there he told his daughter not to
come this close to the river or the
water demon would come and get you
after hearing this the little girl was
staring at the river quietly
suddenly her father came out of the
water to scare her
the girl started to cry since she was so
scared
to make her laugh the man did some
strange moves in the water
but then suddenly something killed the
man very brutally
after that we saw a father and he killed
a giant fish in the river and he was
claiming that he had killed the water
demon
then we saw a boy named juwen he is the
main character of this movie duan was a
demon hunter
duan told the villagers that the father
didn't kill the water demon this is just
an ordinary giant fish
the water demon is still in the river
but the villagers didn't believe him at
all since the physical appearance of
zhuen was so ugly and gross
the father told the villagers that this
ugly girl is an insult to me
so you must hang him with a rope so the
villagers hanged him with a rope
after that they jumped into the river
and started to swim
they were not scared of the water demon
since they thought the father had killed
it
suddenly zhu 1 noticed the water demon
and it was coming towards the villagers
who were swimming in the river
zhu one screamed and told them to get
out of the river but they didn't listen
to him
the water demon came there and attacked
the villagers
the demon killed so many villagers and
the survivors immediately came out of
the river
zhuen asked them to act like dead bodies
so that the water demon wouldn't eat
them
zhu wen wanted to help the villagers
because he was kind-hearted even though
he was a demon hunter
and this time the villagers listened to
him and acted like dead bodies
but then we noticed that the little girl
was running towards her mom
the water demon got the little girl with
his tentacles
the villagers tried to save her but
still the water demon ate her her mom
jumped into the water to kill the water
demon but the water demon also killed
her
after that the water demon tried to kill
a baby but zhu one saved the baby
finally the villagers and a fat woman
were able to take the water demon out of
the water
suddenly the water demon became a human
zhu one sang the buddha's nursery rhyme
to control the water demon but the demon
was not in his control and he started to
beat ju1
suddenly a girl named juan came there
she was also a demon hunter but she was
so cruel and she never showed mercy
towards anyone
juan beat the hell out of the water
demon and turned him into a doll with
her magical powers
after seeing this the villagers thanked
her
juan asked juwen about himself zhu wen
introduced himself and said that i'm
also a demon hunter and he showed the
nursery rhyme book of the buddha
juan laughed at him and showed him the
magical bengals
after that juan left the village
juwon went to a senior and told him
about the water demon
but his senior already knew everything
he told him that once the water demon
was so kind hearted
one day the water demon saved a drowning
baby but the villagers thought that the
water demon was trying to capture the
baby that's why the villagers killed the
water demon and threw his dead body into
the river
and from then on the water demon became
evil
zhu one asked a senior if the nursery
rhyme was powerful or not his senior
said yes of course
this is so powerful because any evil
demon can turn into a good demon with
the help of this rhyme
zhu one said i want to kill all of the
demons like the other demon hunters
but his senior told him not to do this
his senior told him that killing a demon
is not the best solution
relaxing a demon with the buddha's rhyme
is the best solution
after that we saw a couple and they came
to a restaurant in the jungle but when
they entered the restaurant the door
closed by itself
there was no one in the restaurant
except for them
suddenly a waiter approached them and
showed them some roasted pigs
they ate the roasted pigs and the food
was so tasty
they praised the chef for making the
food so tasty
the head chef of the restaurant
approached them and he was actually the
owner of this restaurant
the girl asked him how he cooked such
delicious food
the chef showed them his real face
and he was actually a demon the demon
tried to kill them they were trying to
run away from the demon and suddenly
they noticed those roasted pigs
they saw that there were roasted humans
inside the roasted pigs
they became scared after seeing this and
the owner of the restaurant killed them
after that we saw zhu wen in the
restaurant
a girl approached him and welcomed him
the girl told him that hopefully you
will love our restaurant's best dish
which is the roasted pig
since juwen was a demon hunter
he could see everything that was
happening there
he was seeing dead bodies inside of the
customers
he could also see the roasted human
inside the roasted pigs
ju wen told that girl to stop all of
this
he said that i know that you're a demon
after hearing this the girl tried to
kill juwen
but luckily dwan came there and she
killed all the demons one by one with
the help of her magical bangles
after that the owner of the restaurant
came there and juan beat the out of
him as well
and we found out that the restaurant's
owner was a pig demon
juan grabbed both the hands of the pig
demon and told juwen to suck the pig
demon
zhu wen sucked pig demon and afterward
juan sucked the pig demon from zhuen's
mouth and tried to turn him into a doll
with her magical powers
the pig demon was so powerful that juwan
couldn't control him
suddenly the pig demon turned into his
original form juan and zhu wen had to
run away from there to save their lives
juan was slowly falling in love with
jiwen she tried to kiss him but zhu wen
ran away from there
zhuang went to his senior and told him
about last night
his senior told him that i know he's a
pig demon and this pig demon was once a
demon with a kind heart
but his wife cheated on him and then he
turned into a pig demon and if you want
to relax the pig demon you will have to
meet the greatest demon of all time
he is the most powerful demon
jew when asked him about the demon and
his senior replied that monkey king is
the most powerful demon of all time
the buddha has locked him inside a cave
in the mountains
his senior told him about the location
of those mountains
there's a huge statue of buddha and
there's a cave nearby the statue and
monkey king stays inside that cave
zhu wen senior told him that monkey king
is a very powerful and clever demon
so you must be very careful and don't
fall into any traps of the monkey king
after that he started walking towards
those mountains to meet the monkey king
but suddenly he fell into a trap and
some men came there
one of them had the magical bengals of
juan
they told juwen that they were demon
hunters
they also had imprisoned juan
juan told them that zhuen is my husband
and we are not demon hunters please let
us go
they asked juwan to tell them the truth
that they were actually husband and wife
juan told juwon to tell them they were
actually husband and wife
if we don't prove that we're husband and
wife then they will kill us
juan forcefully tried to kiss juwen and
we saw that those people were actually
working with juan
juan did all of these dramas to get
closer to zhuen
because juan was in love with juwen
but when juwon found out that it was
fake he became mad at them and he was
running away from there
but juan told her friends to imprison
him
juwan asked one of her friends about how
she could make juwon fall in love with
her
her friend told her to do exactly what
she would do
after that juan went to juwon and we saw
that juan's friend started to move her
hands and juan did exactly the same as
her
juan thought that if she will do this
then zhu wen would fall in love with her
but nothing happened
juwan had no idea that she was actually
beating juwon
suddenly they heard something and saw
that the pig demon had come there to
take revenge
the pig demon attacked them to save
juwon juan took him out of the carriage
and we saw that the pig demon attacked
their carriage and broke it zhu wen went
to juan and saw that she had passed out
he held her into his arms and suddenly
juan started to laugh
she told juwon that i know you're in
love with me
after hearing this zhu one said no i
don't love you at all
then three more demon hunters came there
and one of them beat the hell out of the
pig demon and the pig demon ran away
from there
after that those three demon hunters
started to argue with each other about
who was more powerful
zhu wen tried to convince them that they
are demon hunters and they shouldn't
argue with each other
you guys should fight together against
the demon
but then one demon hunter told him that
he is poor and he has no right to talk
to them juan tried to help juwen but
juwen became mad at her and said you're
distracting me
please leave me alone
after hearing this juan destroyed his
nursery rhyme book but juwen didn't care
about it and left
finally zhu wen reached the mountains
but he was not able to find the huge
statue of buddha
juwon closed his eyes and started to
think about the statue and zhu wen
realized that there was a statue of
buddha in the mountain
he opened his eyes and saw the statue
juwon went there and found the cave of
the monkey king
juwon went inside the cave and met the
monkey king
he asked him how he could relax the pig
demon
monkey king told him to get the pig
demon in this mountain with the help of
a beautiful girl
and then i will help you to relax the
pig demon
suddenly juan came there and juwon asked
her what are you doing here
juan told him not to ask her any
questions because now she knows he needs
a beautiful girl to get the pig demon in
this mountain
so juan helped them to get the pig demon
in the mountain
the pig demon did come to the mountain
and he tried to kill them
but suddenly the monkey king called the
pig demon from the cave and he dragged
him inside the cave
when juan and juwen enter the cave they
saw that the pig demon had turned into a
little pig
juwon used her magic power to turn the
pig into a pig doll juan gave it to
juwen
juan turned her magical bangles into a
ring and gave it to juwen
but zhu wen tried to break his finger
with a rock to get the ring out of his
finger
juan gave him his nursery rhyme book and
said that i don't know how to read and
that's why it took me three days to fix
this book
if you're offended by me then please
forgive me
after saying this juan left zhuen was
also about to leave the cave
but then the monkey king asked him if
tonight was a full moon or not ju wen
said yes
the monkey king told him that he cannot
see the moonlight since the cave is
covered with a flower and it doesn't let
the moonlight get inside the cave
after hearing this juwen plucked the
flower and we saw that as soon as he
plucked the flower
the flower caught on fire
actually it was the flower which buddha
set to lock the monkey king inside the
cave
but zhu went fell into his trap and
plucked the flower
therefore the monkey king became free
and turned into his actual form
after coming outside the cave the monkey
king told him that now i'm free and the
buddha cannot do anything
juwen said you're wrong buddha still
exists
after saying this juwen started to pray
about buddha
the monkey king plucked all the hairs
from juwen's head and said buddha
doesn't exist anymore and he will not
come here to save you
but then those three demon hunters came
there and they tried to kill the monkey
king
since the monkey king was so powerful he
killed those three demon hunters
after that he tried to kill juwen but
suddenly juan came there
but the monkey king was so powerful that
he killed juan as well
juwon became so sad and angry after
seeing juan's dead body in front of his
eyes
he was so sad after losing juan and he
started to cry
but then the monkey king threw juan's
dead body into the sky and it
disappeared
zhu 1 started to pray about buddha and
buddha used his power to convert the
monkey king into a kind-hearted demon
in this movie's last scene we saw that
he continued his journey with the monkey
king the water demon and the pig demon
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below
and at last i will say stay safe
stay well
thanks